Hello,
everyone.
So let's continue and do some more practice on variables.
So the last few electors,
we got a basic idea about the variables on their types and also did some practice as well.
So let's do some more practice.
So to define available we have the command like I have.
ABC is a name of variable.
I can give any names,
like is on.
So if I want to see the value of this variable,
I have to use a dollar ABC.
So I'm getting a new output.
Like what?
Variable half what you know.
Well,
you have given to that variable that is ABC I can give any other names for like same as
well.
I can change the really off my ABC.
That's why it is called terrible.
I'm getting it under different A.
So here I have defined a B.
C's.
Sam.
Suppose I'm fighting this one Echo dollar Embassy.
I offer that support after I'm stop something like B E f.
So will I get to the value off Donald ABC.
This one.
So the answer is no,
because here it will be looking for available limp,
whose is whose name is a B c D E f.
So there is no such variable defined on your system.
That's why you're not getting an output.
So the solution for that support if you want oh,
you know,
defined,
available and I want to add few characters after that that I have to use,
like this way I will see that you have God than output.
So ABC is available.
Whose values Sam on B B F is just like you know,
any correct as we can see that which has been added into the variable ABC.
Sam is the belly off my wearable EVC on.
After that,
you can see that three characters have been added.
That is D e a.
So that a simple thing that we have to,
you know,
take care.
The next topic is,
you know,
default shell variables.
Well,
you So you can said that the four shell variable as well.
So in that case,
you know,
you can use the common like suppose you know I want to,
define some values,
toe my valuables so I can use echo on Did this one.
So that's what you're testing topic here.
So suppose my variable in is hello.
I have given available in his house.
I want to define two values to that variable like zone on Sam.
So this one,
Right?
So this is what will happen.
The variable.
Hello?
Which is undefined as off?
No,
there is nothing in the Hello.
I'm coming back.
I'm showing with this.
Hello.
So I'm not getting an output.
It means that my hello variable is undefined variable,
which which has nothing has off.
Now if I am going to five this Come on,
this one I call.
So what will happen?
This level will be having available right?
Whose values?
John s place.
Sam,
You can also,
you know,
define with this way as well.
So both are correct.
So both are correct that he can do this one of this one as well.
I'm going to do Echo Dollar.
Hello.
So I'm getting on output.
That is that my hello is available Limb?
Whose value is Jonah Space?
Sam.
Right.
So this is you know,
the default shall very rules have been defined.
So if you want to change this one civil,
I want to change this one.
Sam on here.
I'm giving some other name like Ali.
So we'll be change.
No,
it is not going to be changed.
So this come on will only change the variable which is undefined only so as off.
No,
my this hello is already defined,
which is having some you know,
default very wells.
So if you want to change with this command,
it is not going to change it.
Still,
it is showing the same.
Okay,
so in that case,
if you want to change it first,
you need toe unsaid.
This one,
it is that you have to make it nullify.
You have tow undefined this variable.
So how we can do that is come on,
Sunset Dollar on.
Hello.
Now,
this has been unset getting family so far This so it leaves unsaid this one.
Okay.
And again,
if you will go far,
this one,
I could already or you're not supposed to get any output because this very well has now
undefined valuable,
which is having no Volusia talk.
Now again,
if I'm going to fire this Come on.
No,
This is going to be set now.
I can see that my variable has been set up now.
So this is one thing.
No.
Let's understand one more thing.
So these are the basic things which we need to winnow.
Learn on this time.
So that is an importance index.
This one that is colon.
Is it going to?
And manuscripts?
You will see such Centex.
And it's very useful when you will be doing you know,
the biggest Crips.
Then you will see the at one day off this ino Centex toward this in textiles.
So this in text tells that if there is a very bill,
right,
I'm that variable is empty,
which doesn't have any value.
Then you're gonna sign it before,
will you?
All right,
so let me do it for you.
Suppose you know I have to find out what it was like.
This one school is a cultural.
I'm giving a name off any school like DPS Noida.
Okay,
so I have defined by school is available limb on its values.
DPS murder.
Okay,
No,
I'm going toe.
Use the same index.
This is dollar Onder.
This is my colleague Beckett on did school.
This colon is acquittal.
Amity.
So what does it mean?
It means that it is going toe set the value of this variable school to amity.
But there's one condition.
This condition condition is that it is going to set the very well toe amity,
the value off this school to amity Onley if that variable is undefined or empty.
But here it is not empty.
You can see that that is cool.
Variable is already having,
you know,
some content.
So if I'm going to,
you know,
and this you will see that you have got an output in which it doesn't change it.
It's still a destroying the DPS murder.
So this is one condition,
right?
If you want to,
you know,
sad.
With this command you have toe inside this one,
you have to nullify you have tow anti that variable.
Now this variable has been empty.
Now,
if you want to see,
you can check it again.
If I'm going to fire this common,
you will see that my valuable school has been teaching now,
right?
So this is very important with this factory interview as well.
If you're going toe going for any into many times,
I have seen that they can simply ask you what is the meaning off the sentence that is colon
is equal to so in simple.
What?
You can see that if the variable is an empty,
then you can assign it before value.
That's all.
So when their soul for this lecture in the next electoral understand a lot of more things.
So thanks for watching.
We'll see in the next lecture.